Link to finished codepen:https://codepen.io/suuhleena/pen/XWgdbEB

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML that gives meaning or context to our code. We use it for accessibility purposes.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It's used for the structure of our websites.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Provide additional information about elements and are located in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Main Heading of the site and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <a> and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Top Navigation, meta tags, Title, Restes
    7. What is an id? 
    specifies a unique id for an HTML element and should only be used one time.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any but you can only add one.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once.
    10. What is a class? 
     An HTML attribute that can be used as many times as needed.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you need to reference that class.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    for screen readers and to display a description of the image if the image doesn't load.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is large and semantic and a div just an element.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling our website.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    ID applies style to a single element, a class can style multiple elements.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector is helpful if you have multiple children but only want to target one of those children.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It defines the state of an element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    <br>, change padding, change line height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: capitalize text-transforms:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*comments*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm(filename) Once you delete it, you can't get it back.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    so you can go back to a previous version
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "selina-liu"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork the repo, clone repo using git clone, in terminal cd into clone file, git clone <link to repo>, cd into new cloned repo, 
    check with <git checkout -b "selina-liu" Now you can work on your project. To commit changes first <git add .>, git commit 
    -m "add comment", git push origin -u "selina-liu", finally submit a pull request in github.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    block elements always start a new line, always take up the full width, and has a top and bottom margin
    where as an inline element does not start a new line, can only take up as much width as necessary.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    It sits on it's own layer.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    width: min-content
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Block <address><header><Table> INline <span><div> Inline-block
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    Everything is a box and we can fix box-sizing: border-box.


   --> 